Update Tarball extension from .tgz to tar.gz in markdown files (#480)
nginx/documentation: content/controller/admin-guides/install/install-nginx-controller.md

  /opt/nginx-controller/helper.sh cluster-config save
  ```

>   The file is saved to `/opt/nginx-controller/cluster-config.tar.gz`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The file is saved to `/opt/nginx-controller/cluster-config.tgz`.
```
